No'rsss. 85

999. objice‚· the original form for obice—'calvarie-
jeeto ,· the Florentine codex has deJ'ecto instead of
disjeci& Baden restored this reading, and by an in-
genious emendation substituted valva for aula. Be-
sides the better sense which this change gives, Baden
supports his emendation by the corresponding passage
of the Hercules Furens of Euripides: ό δ’ ὡς ἐπ) ἂυτοῖς
δὴ Κυκλωπείοισιν ὢν,σκάπ τει, ,uoluisset θύρετρα· κάκβαλὼν
σταθμὰ, δάμαρτα καὶ παῑδ) ἔνι’ κατέστρωσεν βέλει. Baden
adduces other instances of the use of valva in the sin-
gular.

1005. Dextra precante5 cf. Virg. AEn., 12, 930: dez-
tramque precantem. The emendation os Bothe, dextra
precantem, is very plausible.

1030. Converte,· sc. in me, addressed to Hercules.

ACT IV. — Scene ΙΙ.

CHORUS.

V. 1104. atri ‘regina poli ; the queen of the infernal
regions, Proserpine.

1110. vnaius,- used for a better purpose, for a less
impious object3 alluding to the killing of the Stymg
phalian birds, as compared with the slaying of the
children. ῃ

1134. The arrangement of the last four lines of this
chorus, proposed by Bothe, and supported by good rea-
sonS‚ has been adopted. According to the old arrange-
ment there would be a tribrachys (que furor) and a.
trochec (boris) in the middle of a verse, which, though
admissible at the close of the line, is not allowed in
the middle.

