80 No'rns.

659. teque—mater5Prose1·pine whom, carried off by
Pluto, Ceres sought through the woods of AEtna.

663. Densis—premit; the woods of Taenarus extend
t0, press upon the sea.

679. Umhrae tenaces5 Farnabius interprets this by
‘manes avidi, the infernal regions, which are eager to
retain what has corne within their reach3 or, tenebrae
palpabiles, thick darkness. Swoboda adopts the latter
interpretation, and explains it the darkness which sur-
rounds all things. The former, however, seems to be
the correct interpretation.—immensi sinus; the geni-
tive of quality belonging to vado.

702. situ5 wantos cultivation, fallowness.

711. diseors5 two of different nature.

714. Ιιὶο,· for alter.

734. Thetidis socen AEaeus, the father of Peleus, and
grandfather of Achilles.

750. Izi0n; king of Thessaly. Having murdered his
father-in-law, Deion, he was punished for his crime
with madness. Jupiter, however, pardoned him, and
received him even into heaven. Having forfeited the
good will of Jupiter by his overbearing conduct and
petulance‚ he was punished by being fastened on a
swiftly turning wheel.

751. Cervice-Sisypltia5 SisyphuS‚ the founder of
Corinth, famous for his cunning3 his punishment for
his many crimes was to roll a rock up a hill without
being able to prevent it from rolling back.

752. senech· Tantalus, guilty of many crimes, es-
pecially of perjury, and of entertaining the Gods with
the body of his own son PelopS, was in the infernal
regions doomed to stand in the midst osa stream with-
out being able to reach it for the purpose of quenching

