66 No'rEs.

menced a revolution, slain king Creon and his sons,
and possessed himself of the supreme power, sparing
the life of Megara and her children, not from any
feeling of pity‚ but for the purpose of making her his
wife, and thereby establishing his power more firmly.
At that moment Hercules returned, and avenged the
wrongs of Creon by the death of Lycus. Upon this,
Juno, seeing herself soiled in every effort to destroy
her hated step-son, and still uni-elenting, rendered
Hercules insane, and in that condition he slays his
wife and children. When recovered from his tempo-
rary insanity, he is with difficulty prevented from
laying violent hands on himself, and finally prevailed
upon by Theseus to accompany the latter to Attica,
there atone for his crimes perpetrated in a state of
insanity, and obtain forgiveness and peace.

ACT 1.- Scene I.

V. 1. Soro⁷·; Juno, both the sister and wife of Jupi-
ter-5 in consequence of Jupiter's infidelity she has
almost ceased to be his wife.

2. alienum Jovem; “ alienated from me, occupied
with the love of other women.”

6. Arct0s; the mistress of Jupiter, afterwards con-
verted by him into the constellation of the Great Bear.

9. vector Europae; our poet adopts the version of
Eratosthenes, according to which the bull which car-
ried off Europa was converted into the constellation
Taurus.

11. Αιῑαητίἀεε; the Pleiades, the daughters of Atlas
and Pleione, from whom they derive their common

