PREFACE. V

Creon and possessed himself of the govern-
ment. Amphitryon, in reply to Megara’s
inquiry, describes his helplessneSS, and can
offer nothing else than hopes and wishes.
Lycus appears and threatens Megara and
her children with death. Megara is willing
to die, and only asks some delay to prepare
herself. Megara having made her prepara· ν
tions, Hercules appearS, and, being in-
formed of the conduct of Lycus, he enters
with his family his house, there to await his
enemy. Lycus comes again to execute his
threat against Megara, follows her into the
house, and is there slain by Hercules, Af-
ter this, Iris and one of the Furies appear,
to excite Hercules to madness, The Fury
performs her taslz, and HerculeS, in his
madneSS, slays his wife and children. Re-
covering from his insanity, he is on the
point of killing himself, when Theseus
arrives and persuades him to follow him to
Athens.

It will be at once seen, that with the
death of Lycus the plot is complete. The
addition of Hercules’ madness destroys the

 

